24, why is six afraid of seven? because 7,8,9
25, what would happen if the earth span 30 times its normal speed? we would get our salary every day
26, why is six afraid of seven? because 7,8,9
27, what would happen if the earth span 30 times its normal speed? we would get our salary every day
28, how many elephants fit into a bottle? 2, one from the top, one from the bottom
29, why did the cat fall down from the bridge?because it reached the end
30, why did a man die walking?because the cat fell on him
31, why does superman fly with one arm in front of him? because the other arm is changing gears
32, how many elephants fit in a car? 4. 2 in the front, 2 in the back
33, how do you fit 8 elephants into a car? you sell the car, get 2 vw golfs and put in each 2 in the front and 2 in the back
34, Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere
35, What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
36, How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
37, Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable.
38, I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen
39, Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
40, How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
41, Dad, did you get a haircut? No I got them all cut.
42, What do you call a Mexican who has lost his car? Carlos.
43, Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
44, Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
45, Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
46, Ill call you later. Don't call me later, call me Dad.
47, What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant
48, Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
49, What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
50, Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
51, What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
52, I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
53, The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
54, Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
55, This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
56, Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, No, just leave it in the carton!
57, 5/4 of people admit that they're bad with fractions.
58, Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, do you know how to drive this thing?
59, What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
60, What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
61, I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It's a little fishy.
62, To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
63, The rotation of earth really makes my day.
64, I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts
65, What's brown and sticky? A stick.
66, I've never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
67, Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
68, Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.
69, A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
70, I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
71, Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
72, I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks.
73, People don't like having to bend over to get their drinks. We really need to raise the bar.
74, Dad, did you get a haircut? No I got them all cut.
75, What do you call a Mexican who has lost his car? Carlos.
76, Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
77, Can I watch the TV? Dad: Yes, but don't turn it on.
78, I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It's a little fishy.
79, What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
80, You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
81, Every time I hurt myself, even to this day, my dad says, The good news is..it'll feel better when it quits hurting.
82, What kind of shoes does a thief wear? Sneakers
83, A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says, I'll serve you, but don't start anything.
84, Did you hear about the man who stole a calendar? He got 12 months.
85, A man woke up in a hospital after a serious accident. He shouted, Doctor, doctor, I can't feel my legs! The doctor replied, I know you can't I've cut off your arms!
86, What do you call a man with no nose and no body? Nobody nose.
87, My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don't think it's feline well.
88, I gave all my dead batteries away today... Free of charge.
89, I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
90, I am terrified of elevators. I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
91, What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
92, Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
93, A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
94, Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
95, What did daddy spider say to baby spider? You spend too much time on the web.
96, How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
97, What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
98, Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
99, Bicycles can't stand on their own, they're two tired.